Task3 Q2

There is considerable lag present between data registering on the mqtt subscriber and the imu publisher
pushing data to the broker. For this lab I have mitigated this problem by using an extremely long interval
of 8 seconds between IMU reads. Performing processing on the IMU itself would help slightly because rather
than six messages being exchanged from the IMU to the broker, there would only be 1 message. However the 
compute time per message could be a problem in slowing down the sampling rate for the IMU. The ideal way
to get around this lag would be to use a direct form of communication like bluetooth which would avoid
the delay that arises from going through the network twice.

Task4 Q1

I see gravity acceleration of 1g in whichever direction is facing downward when idle. If the down angle is
not aligned with any of the x, y, or z axes, the 1g of acceleration is split according the degree pointing
downward of each axis.

Task4 Q2

The values do not drift too much when idle, at least for the linear accelerations. I found that a good way
to measure if an object is idle is to sum the squares of each directional acceleration and evaluate it against
some threshold value.

Task4 Q3

I used linear accelerations with a decision tree. I first checked if the IMU was idle. If the IMU wasn't
idle I evaluated the x and y accelerations. If these did not meet a threshold I determined that the motion
wasn't a forward push and evaluated whether the motion was an upward thrust. I did this by evaluating the
z acceleration.

Task4 Q4

I used the same features for the other three characteristics and added angular velocity as the measure
to check if the motion was circular. The decision tree was identical to the prior question, except with
an additional check for circular motion if the upward thrust criteria was not met. Another action relating
more closely to linear acceleration may be easier to classify because then the same data points would be 
relevant to each step in the decision tree.